src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=58, ATFD=80, TCC=0.05)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:48:	The class 'MicroServerAS' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:48:	The class 'MicroServerAS' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:48:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:50:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:51:	Local variable 'serverComm' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:52:	Local variable 'server' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:56:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:61:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:66:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:66:	Private field 'orderMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:71:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:71:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:76:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:79:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:91:	Parameter 'serverComm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:91:	The method 'start' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:91:	The method 'start' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '98'-'99').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:99:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '99'-'141').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:100:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:124:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '152'-'154').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:152:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:153:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:161:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:170:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '170'-'175').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:170:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:171:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:174:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '190'-'194').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '190'-'194').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '190'-'196').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '190'-'196').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:190:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:191:	Local variable 'ordersToSend' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:193:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:194:	Local variable 'orders' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:195:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:203:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:203:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:208:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:219:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '219'-'227').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:219:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '219'-'229').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:219:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:220:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:226:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:227:	Local variable 'orders' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:228:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:240:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:243:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:243:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:275:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:279:	Local variable 'orders' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:287:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:289:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '289'-'293').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:289:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'o' (lines '289'-'294').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:289:	Parameter 'sellOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:292:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:293:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:306:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:308:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '308'-'312').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:308:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'o' (lines '308'-'313').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:308:	Parameter 'buyOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:311:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:312:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:324:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:325:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:327:	Parameter 'buyOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:327:	Parameter 'sellerOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:349:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '349'-'352').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:351:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:363:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '363'-'369').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:363:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:368:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:376:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '376'-'381').
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:380:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:381:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:381:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:383:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:383:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:391:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:391:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:394:	Local variable 'inputFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:395:	Local variable 'dbFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:396:	Local variable 'dBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:397:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:399:	Local variable 'nList' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:400:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:402:	Local variable 'nNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:403:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:404:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:405:	Local variable 'eElement' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:406:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:407:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:408:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:410:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:411:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:414:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:416:	Local variable 'xpathFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:417:	Local variable 'xpath' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:419:	Avoid variables with short names like nl
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:419:	Local variable 'nl' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:420:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:422:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:423:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:427:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:428:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:428:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:431:	Local variable 'newElementOrder' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:431:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:432:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:432:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:432:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:433:	Local variable 'nickname' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:434:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:435:	Local variable 'stock' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:436:	Local variable 'units' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:437:	Local variable 'price' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:440:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:440:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:440:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:440:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:445:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:446:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:448:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:459:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:460:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:461:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:462:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:462:	Local variable 'n' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:465:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:466:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:468:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:469:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:471:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/mt/server/MicroServerAS.java:471:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.

